what is up guys this is why fing and
today ever you guys another seed
showcase or whatever you want to call it
and um I'm gonna be showing you guys a
probably one of my favorite black sniff
chests probably one of the best I've
seen so far um the usual stuff that are
like in the chest is probably probably
just apples and iron and stuff and every
now and then you'll get a diamond but
today I actually found seven pieces of
obsidian guys I've never really seen
that much obsidian one a city in itself
is rare in a blacksmith chest guys I
mean every now and then you might come
across one but I have found seven seven
is a really really good amount you can
check it's really really rare and you
pretty much almost have half of another
portal um made so yeah it's really
really helpful when I do survival and
make it early another portal real quick
oh and there's actually two diamonds as
well so you can I don't know I think you
have three diamonds in order to get a
pick out so you don't have to get one
more which um if you I might leave a
diamond coordinate in the description so
if you want to go find a diamond and
just go mine some city in real quick and
get one more so you can make that nether
portal but yeah guys like I said there
is seven pieces of City and it is
absolutely clean this much obsidian in
one chest and it's really really rare
guys don't believe me you can go try to
look for some you never really find up
sitting in a blacksmith chest it's
awesome probably one of like the hardest
things to get my opinion just run and
get that stadium for the nether portal
if you got to get the diamond pickaxe as
well but there's already two diamonds in
there so
pretty cool and and basically it
guidance there's like there's a really
cool um desert as well and pretty is
pretty much a big big desert over here
there's huge mountains on the other side
the map which are really really cool
plenty gonna check those out too like I
said the seed is Xbox one my back saying
the seed kind of late but the seed is
Xbox one guy so don't leave a comment in
the comments saying what's the seat
because I'm telling you right now
because last time I lied said that in a
video but everybody was like there was
like five comments saying what does she
like either call me on the words of
stuff and why I'm telling you the seed
right now so the seed is Xbox one guys
all lowercase Xbox space one as in zero
and II not one that's like the number so
Xbox space one all lowercase guys and
you should spawn over there like I said
just fly over here on the coordinates of
the mat here I will show you right now
I'm just kill you can get right here X
3006 y8e z96 and there's a pretty good
area than that you spawn right over
there where my things pointing on that
dag I think I said this is a really
really cool seed I'm probably one of the
best blacksmith chests I've seen so far
and before we go I'm gonna go see what's
in this one because I have not seen it
is that even a blast yeah it is one
alright before we go guys I want to see
what's in here
oh oh that's pretty cool you got some
leggings as well so you pretty much have
I mean half of armor as well over here
guys so it's pretty cool see to me
probably one of my favorite actually
they got like I said this is an awesome
seed you have obsidian really rare had
really seen singing in a blacksmith
chapter for guys it's awesome and yeah
like I said leave a like of it you can
enjoy it and as always have a nice day
and subscribe if you haven't already for
more on xbox360 videos guys and I will
see you guys next video peace out